it feels good actually when they told me
spotty but I could not understand what
this award actually stands for but as I
was explained that it's for wellness and
fitness and all the stars who keep
themselves fit so yeah so in that
context yeah it's really a good thing to
receive this award so what's your
personal mantra of keeping fit yoga
water and good sleep so what do you
think like spa is like a luxury for you
or unnecessary for you it is a necessity
because normally when you do a lot of
workout you are supposed to relax your
muscles and the only way you can relax
your muscles either with good sleep or
with a great massage so yeah when you
are looking for a spa what about okay
tell me five things that you look out
for in a spa I think the ambience it's
very important then of course the mass
here because the the person who massages
you he needs to have really good hands
or she needs to have really great hands
to give you a great massage then of
course the oils and the stuff that they
use because that really helps relax your
muscles or misra tone your muscles or
whatever and there are two more left
right or three more left you said five
to pulip what else can I say it has to
have great ability and yeah it should be
in a beach resort yeah so why is it when
other celebrities are going for cosmetic
surgery you are still the same as you'd
always be like how I think because I
keep smiling all the time and I'm make
make make it a point that I'm happy so I
guess that makes a difference that's
actually true you are happy and it shows
on your face so tell me something like
how does it feel the spa I was like what
you have to say about spa was some
innovation yes I think it is but they've
been having this award for the last five
six years and the people who've received
the award specially one of us one of
them is amongst us today Rika G who's my
absolute favorite and I love her so it's
amazing to have
at the same place today and she has been
the first recipient of this party reward
so it feels good to get get it after and
if you were asked to edit one of the
magazines you would yeah sure absolutely
because I love spas so definitely I
would edit so what design are you
wearing for the water day sabotage you
your favorite so any spa any red carpet
moment you've had any bizarre moment
that you would want to recount on us
they're not really no bizarre moments at
all and any nervous moments while
receiving the award no not at all you've
been always confident always up to the
mark for you I think so right from the
time I did my first film